PROCES NOTES
************
On March 15 I decided on my game. 
I'm going to create a quizz based game, which has you going through a series of quizzez on diferent topics which could all potentialy relate to Civil Rights. Each quizz will reveal a diferent part of the 3D model, with the end game being a complete 3d render of the model.
topics could include: Boxing, Runing, Black power symbolism, Black Lives Matter, the satue of liberty. Each quizz will focus on a diferent part of the model, The fist, the foot, the arm, the angel, the pit. 
the narative could have the character having a choice to enter diferent settings, such as a Boxing Gym, a race track, (The Race could be a  good name for the game), an Island in New York...
The questions in the quiz have to be pertinant to the theme and time/topic of the section, like questions on mohammed Alis career, or the very moment those athlets put their fists up, the donation/gifting of the statue of liberty.

I had alot of trouble getting my model onto Unity. Because of the hectic nature of my 2nd module, I did not know which file to use. I tried opening every single file in my 3D Models folder onto unity, but none would open. *I the realized you can't "Import Unity Packet" files that arent from Unity, but even then it still did not open my files. I looked through the options in Unity and found that Obj. files were accepted so I googled 'Online PLY. File to OBJ. converter' and it worked(http://www.greentoken.de/onlineconv/?step=3&outfmt=obj)
Now that the Model is on Unity, I still haven't the slightest idea how to make a game.
**
I followed all the instructions on how to install Prairie, and found that it wasn't working for me. I then solved the problem when I discovered I downloaded the prototype link.
I changed my mind and chose to go with a "collect all the pieces" kind of game, and I used the Demo format used in the Prarie Tutorial, as that looked easy enough that I could grasp how to create it. 
After creating the Planes and trying to start the game to get a feel for it, It immediately produced an error: "error CS0246: The type or namespace name `UnityStandardAssets' could not be found. Are you missing an assembly reference?"
I googled the Error to try and solve it, but the blogs and forums all reference solutions which I am not familiar with, and defeat the purpose of the Prairie "You won't need to touch a line of code" convenience. 

much like my module 1, I've decided to revert to a much simpler version of my plan, so as to not be caught without a product should my plan fail. I will create a purely text based experience using a quiz model. I'll create a quiz, and have the player unlock pieces of the statue to then create my 3d model.
i'll follow Prof graham's twine coockbook to get the key unlock stuff.
Its going really well, i understand these simple intructions more then the unity solutions.
since evey mistake when answering the quiz takes you back to the main city block, the player can always see a purple hint on the wrong answers, making it less of a game...
Back tracking from prof Grahams image putter was easy. <"http:/example">
Thinking back to my LittleBigPlanet days, I created identical false city blocks, which means when the player make a mistake they are sent to this new nodes they've never actually seen, with the same outgoing links. This solves the purple hint issue and also created a new game mechanic where if the player makes a mistake, they now have a purple hint in their second run through the individual quiz for help. (Kinda like a less cool alien invador example from the skypecall man...)
I actually like the new game a little better then the 3d example. It reminds me off Reinhards answer to my quetion about how text based experiences still have architecture and archeology. My solutions all have layers. pretty neat
I really like the final product. It is not a 3D game, but i doesn't have to be. it's kinda educational, and I've definately learned from it. not only about the material i had to research, but the ease with which I can create an experience like that. Makes me want to create more.

PARADATA
********
-In the reading "The Case for Games in the High School and Undergraduate Classroom" there is a conversation about the use of games as educational tools.
The ease with which i was able to access the tools to create this experience, and the comprehensive instructions on how to do so, mean this is an inclusive way of not only learning but of teaching. I don't think it's silly or irresponsible. even just the fact that it is text based and still enjoyale, is a little impresive. Now that the experience is on the internet, i can't help but think about the method and potential historiography behind it. I had to make choices about what facts to include in the quiz, and which order to put the quizes in. The game not having many visuals also means the player can use their imagination and decide what Heritageville looks like. Although I definitely implicitely imply my stance, they player is free to chose whether it is okay to refuse to serve in a war you ideologicaly disagree with, or to promote a movement on an international stage. 
-In Kelly, T. Mills - True Facts or False Facts
she makes reference to the 17 year old german author who combined works of a verity of authors to create her own work, and about how she believed that was okay. The information in my game was not produced by me. But i still the game my own. Because that teaching and conveying aspect is the point of my game. It is absolutely a remix, and I created the context of the mixing.
-The "SAA Archaeological Record" reading on walking simulators I found very relevant to my game, despite it absolutely not being a walking simulator. My Heritageville is certainly a place, and one can explore it, but they are absolutely not free. They even have an order with which they are expected to proceed through the game. But my game is Authentic. It doesn't need visual fidelity because it is absolutely relatable to the stories of a foreign tourist. Except for the ability to take from museums, and discover monuments on a day by day basis, the game doesn't need a touch of fantasy. It is not reasonable, but it is believable. The game also has Racial tension with the topic of civil rights being woven through the narrative. I believe there is also posibility for Archeology in the game. With my descision on what to include and what to exclude, and where to put it and when. appart from the literal buried treasure in the game, there is method to the creation, and a person could learn alot from disecting the experience, and taking my context of the assignment, and the class. 
-Andrew Reinhard said in class that he believe you can have architecture in a text based game just as much as you could in a 3D open world game. I can see that. Because I had images in mind when I created an Old boxing Gym, and a Liberty Museum. In the context of Heritageville those locations have significance, and meaning.
