I decided to do the fist up as soon as the instructions were explained.
The assignment reminds me of Prosefor Walsh's Photograph assignment for his Historical Representations class where he had his students pull Confederation Boulevard out of its context through photographs.
My model is a meanignful combination of a clay fist which was meant to signify strength and percevierence in the context of enviromental activism, and a statue of an angel in a cemetery.
My goal was to take both artefacts out of their context combine them to create a meangful image, relevant to present day Black Lives Matter movements. I combined power and precevierence from the fist, and the representation of death of the angel and it's presence in a cemetery.
After I combined them, i find although it was only the hand, the adition changed the entire tone and posture of the statue.

When I combined them, I also felt strange when I had to erase the previously existing hand of the angel, it felt like i was taking something away from the image, I even tried covering the hand with the fist and leave it inside, but the size didn't allow for it. 
Going back to the graph outling the persistance of solid objects and brevity of biological ones, I did not and do not feel as though digital afterfacts could last forever. I had an easier time creating my Clay fist, then i had trying to save the thing properly on my comuputer which I have to keep pluging and unpluging to protect the now delicate battery.
Like Same Jacob explains, my model isn't made for the past, but to represent something current. Although these objects were created at an earlier time for a perticular purpose, I have used them to represent a present day struggle which goes onto the future. The "Black Power" movement also takes place in the past, the model combines these symbols and objects into a symbol for today. Like Jabob said "it is the site of intersection for ideas about the past, framed within the morality and ideology of the present." (https://goo.gl/GAHxcn)
Jacob also brings out the point of the vulnerability of objects. In my attempt to be controversial in my choice of model I was trying to combine the divisive "black Lives Matter" movement, with a symbol of power. I was on track to chose a statue of Julius Caesar , but I chose the Cemetery angel due to the symbolism of death, as well as the morailty ambiguity of scanning an object in a graveyard.
Before the issue with saving the artefact, the hand was dark brown/black, and the body was light grey in an unintentional contrast which added to the divisiveness and meaning of the model.
David J. Gunkel Spoke about the potential harm of copying and transforming art in the context of fair use. I do not know how the person who scanned this tombstone felt about his actions, or where he believes he gets the right to claim any kind of right to even label the stone with creaive commons. Not only did the Angel have an Artist, the dead also have families.(https://goo.gl/niVmgv)
I believe the right comes from the process and it's dificulties. I believe the same reason the United states government feels they can charge entry into the grand canyon, is the same reason this person feels they own the copy, because of the work which goes into the "art".
