I decided on my object. My Parris Manufacturing Toy gun. I bought it from an Antinques boutique, and it has a really interesting history.
I decided to record my attempts with photographs, to track my methods.
I tried simply taking the pictures of my gun, but it caputured my living room, and produce a spherical mess of images.
At this point I forgot to cancel my three day trial period and incured a 50.99 dollar charge and own the app for a year!
I tried taking pictures of it in a better lit enviroment with a white box behind it, but could not get around the object.
I hung the gun off my ceiling and walked around it, I had the same issue i did in my first attempt.
I made a contraption that could hold a white cardboard flap behind my object as i walked around it, the imagine came out distorted and flat
I used the new pictures to edit out the background using photoshop, but SCANN3D did not even render the images when I imported them
I created a white sheet tent in my living room, with two lamps and hung the gun in the middle. I walked around it taking over 20 pictures
the image came out flat and distorted.
At this point I became concerned that i would not have a model, therefore I scanned a clay fist I made in Grade 10 art class. I title the assignment "Mother Nature" at the time.
I've decided to use the clay model in the mean time while still hoping for success with my toy gun. I created the the clay fist, meaning i know everything there is to know about it, and can't learn from the object itself. The gun has a manufacturer, and owners before me, and has been restored before. I could learn from both the object, and the proccess of digitizing it. The clay fist makes for quite a boring subject. Maybe I should have had a backup plan. 
I tried only photographing the key components of the gun such as the trigger and hammer mechanism, but still no success.
Looking at my official final 3D model of the clay fist, there is something satisfying about the fact that I know it can't break like my real one, like it's going to last for ever. I don't know if it's the "coolness" of the preservation of it, or the fact that I spent 50 dollars on the app, but I have an Urge to 3D model all of the art projects i've ever done. Even some of the colectible toys I have stored somewhere.
I uploaded the Model to sketchfab by sending it to my Google drive, then downloading it to my computer, and uploading the file from my Downloads. It ccreated a model with no texture. For now the SCANN3D app doesn't allow me to log into my sketchFab directly from the app, so this is the best model I have for now.
